Lets adjust the following aspects to the need that I will refer to below in this section that:
At the home page;
Have transition photos of either events, news, registration, or even a slogan for the club which is Innovate, Inspire,impact. You can as well have them all {Artistic Parallax Slider for WordPress} Use the Pictures attached.
Add Stunning Image Rotate and Scale Effects in Elementor.
Use African photo’s or even cartoons due to data protection or use the uploaded ones or from the university website.
In the section where it is mentioned “ startup launched” kindly change to Innovation ideas to 30+, maintain the one for students trained, industry partners change to 5+, under funding secured not yet but see on how to mention we are targeting  about $1M.
Coming to events;
Under passed events:
We have 1st innovation and entrepreneurship week held in november 2024 from 4th to 7th.
MoU signing between the University and Factor-Y CbaaS on February 17th 2025.
The ICS Department through BITSA  held a Hacathon in March 2025.
Under Upcoming Events mostly which as well to your preference will have to be Featured:
We have 2nd innovation and entrepreneurship week to be  held in september 2025 from 25th to 29th.
The rest indicated under this section kindly don't remove them, just adjust the time difference to a date after 29th 2025 or just alert an update to come on that section or to be communicated on the date.
Under community event:
NACOSTI { Multisectoral Conference and Exhibition} From 19th to 22nd MAy 2025.
CUE 5Th Biennial Conference 2025 Exact date to be updated.
Kenya Innovation week Nov 2025 Exact date to be updated.
On Team change and adapt the one in the PDFs attached, find the picture and people in the last page, this will be the same to the history and any story that you want to post.
On news kindly generate from the pdf attached as well and from the link attached or some from the website of the university.
On partners this are the ones we have already: {Kindly under this please attach their logos as well}
KeNIA.
Factor-y {CbaaS}
HUAWEI.
NACOSTI.
KIPI.
MICROSOFT. 
THE UNIVERSITY ITSELF.



